*page_break

[b]Duncan[/b]

Duncan was a middle aged administrator working for the city of York.  His ex-wife constantly bitching that the child support payments weren't enough, and the increasing number of bills piling up, unread, were the biggest parts of his life.

His job administering small financial payments and various permits was mind numbingly trivial.  Every day; Drive to work.  Find somewhere close enough to city hall to park.  Clock on. Zone out.  Work through lunch.  Subsist on office supplied juice and free sandwiches from the visitor cafe.  Clock off.  Drive home.  Pass out in front of the TV.  It was always the same.

*page_break A new day

Duncan rarely saw anyone other than his manager.  A surprisingly fat man called Wilber.  Some called him "The Whale" behind his back.  But even that thought didn't bring a smile to his face anymore, as Wilber pushed open the door to his small office.  He thougt about trying to push his way through, but the coat stand behind the door made the move awkward, so he resigned to sticking his head through the door at a jaunty angle.

"Your diligence has been noticed. Don't think it hasn't my boy!  There's a special project coming down the pipe, and I think you'd be perfect for it.  Why don't you come by my office later and we'll talk about it.  More money.  More Fun!  You really aught to enjoy yourself a little more."

*page_break The voice barely registered

"Oh?  Sure Mr Fischer.  I'll be there right after lunch."
    
Mr Wilber Fischer looked as though he wanted to stay and make small talk, but it was quite clear Duncan had very little to say.  He reminded Duncan about stopping by, and tottered off.

Duncan was left alone and suddenly aware of his surroundings, as though he'd been asleep a moment ago.  The screen in front of him full of familiar forms and numbers that he didn't remember writing.  The change in routine was the first in he couldn't remember.  He grabbed his leather jacket from the coat stand and headed out to lunch early.  The computer could wait.  Suddenly aware of his feelings again, Duncan felt hungry.

*page_break To Lunch

"I'll have to choose a sandwich:"

*fake_choice
    #Ham and Cheese
        The cheese tasted like plastic.
    #Chicken Salad
        The salad was mostly wet lettuce with a few cucumber slices and a single cherry tomato.
    #Cheese and Pickle
        At least through the pickle you couldn't taste the cheese.
    
*label sandwich
It was an effort to get through, but it's sustenance.

*page_break The meeting

"Come on in!  One of the council members has requested a personal aide.  I think he's a Duke or a Count or something.  When I asked if this was a funded project he answered [i]Money won't be a problem[/i]! Would you believe it.  He's going to be in my office at the end of the day.  e knows all about you